Add the SLBeta6 Release Note (#3215)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-beta6/RELEASE_NOTE.md

> `bal dist pull slbeta6`

## Installing Ballerina

If you have not installed Ballerina, then download the [installers](/downloads/#swanlake) to install.

## Language Updates

### Improvements

Updated the static type of the unary plus expression to be the same as the static type of the operand. The assignments below are allowed now.

```ballerina

public function main() {
    int:Unsigned8 a = 32;
    int:Unsigned8 b = +a;

    int:Unsigned16 c = 43;
    int:Unsigned16 d = +c;

    int:Unsigned32 e = 54;
    int:Unsigned32 f = +e;

    byte g = 127;
    byte h = +g;

    int:Signed8 i = -32;
    int:Signed8 j = +i;

    int:Signed16 k = -65;
    int:Signed16 l = +k;

    int:Signed32 m = -64;
    int:Signed32 n = +m;
}
```

### Bug Fixes

To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for Swan Lake Beta6](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/milestone/119).

## Standard Library Updates

### New Features

#### `graphql` Package
Added support for the GraphQL list type inputs.

#### `http` Package
Introduced request and request error interceptors at the service level.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### `xmldata` Package
Added support to convert an XML to a Record.
```

> ### Improvements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### `time` Package
Add time zone handling APIs.

### Improvements
```

#### `http` Package
- Changed the `RequestContext:add` function to `RequestContext:set`.
- Allowed listener-level interceptors to have only the default path.
- Improved the `parseHeader()` function to support multiple header values.

## Developer Tools Updates

### Improvements

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

#### OpenAPI Tool

```

> #### OpenAPI to Ballerina Command Improvements

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
##### OpenAPI to Ballerina Command Improvements
```

Added the `--with-tests` flag for the OpenAPI client generation command to generate boiler-plate test files of the relevant remote functions. For example,

>   > `bal openapi -i <openapi contract> --mode client --with-test`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  > `bal openapi -i <openapi contract> --mode client --with-tests`
```

> #### Ballerina to OpenAPI Command Improvements

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
##### Ballerina to OpenAPI Command Improvements
```

Added the `--export-openapi` flag for the `bal build` command to generate OpenAPI contract files for all the services in the current package. For example,

>   > `bal build --export-openapi`

Reviewer 4: Shouldn't both of these improvements be listed under `#### OpenAPI Tool` header? We don't use L4 headers for the improvement items in the release note, I guess. @praneesha @lnash94 WDYT?

Reviewer 3: yeah, it should be, sorry for the mistake, I will change.

Author: Done.

> `bal dist pull slbeta6`

## Installing Ballerina

If you have not installed Ballerina, then download the [installers](/downloads/#swanlake) to install.

## Language Updates

### Improvements

Updated the static type of the unary plus expression to be the same as the static type of the operand. The assignments below are allowed now.

```ballerina

public function main() {
    int:Unsigned8 a = 32;
    int:Unsigned8 b = +a;

    int:Unsigned16 c = 43;
    int:Unsigned16 d = +c;

    int:Unsigned32 e = 54;
    int:Unsigned32 f = +e;

    byte g = 127;
    byte h = +g;

    int:Signed8 i = -32;
    int:Signed8 j = +i;

    int:Signed16 k = -65;
    int:Signed16 l = +k;

    int:Signed32 m = -64;
    int:Signed32 n = +m;
}
```

### Bug Fixes

To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for Swan Lake Beta6](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/milestone/119).

## Standard Library Updates

### New Features

#### `graphql` Package
Added support for the GraphQL list type inputs.

#### `http` Package
Introduced request and request error interceptors at the service level.

#### `time` Package
Added time zone handling support.

> 
> #### `time` Package
> Add time zone handling APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Shall we remove one? seems like duplicated points

Author: Fixed.

### Improvements

#### `http` Package
Allowed listener-level interceptors to have only the default path.

### Breaking Changes

#### `http` Package
- Changed the `RequestContext:add` function to `RequestContext:set`.
- Improved the `parseHeader()` function to support multiple header values.

## Developer Tools Updates

### Improvements

> #### OpenAPI Tool Updates
> 
> ##### OpenAPI to Ballerina Command Improvements
> 
> Added the `--with-tests` flag for the OpenAPI client generation command to generate boiler-plate tests file of the relevant remote functions. For example,
> 
>   > `bal openapi -i <openapi contract> --mode client --with-tests`
> 
> ##### Ballerina to OpenAPI Command Improvements
> 
> Added the `--export-openapi` flag for the `bal build` command to generate OpenAPI contract files for all the services in the current package. For example,
> 
>   > `bal build --export-openapi`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
#### OpenAPI Tool

- Added `--with-tests` option in the OpenAPI client generation command, which will generate test file templates for all the relevant remote functions of the client. For example,

  > `bal openapi -i <openapi contract> --mode client --with-tests`

- Added `--export-openapi` option in the `build` command, which will generate OpenAPI contract files for all the services in the current package. For example,

  > `bal build --export-openapi`
```

Author: Need to add "the"article as the referred option is a noun for grammatical accuracy.

Author: Done.

> `bal dist pull slbeta6`

## Installing Ballerina

If you have not installed Ballerina, then download the [installers](/downloads/#swanlake) to install.

## Language Updates

### Improvements

Updated the static type of the unary plus expression to be the same as the static type of the operand. The assignments below are allowed now.

```ballerina
public function main() {
    int:Unsigned8 a = 32;
    int:Unsigned8 b = +a;

    int:Unsigned16 c = 43;
    int:Unsigned16 d = +c;

    int:Unsigned32 e = 54;
    int:Unsigned32 f = +e;

    byte g = 127;
    byte h = +g;

    int:Signed8 i = -32;
    int:Signed8 j = +i;

    int:Signed16 k = -65;
    int:Signed16 l = +k;

    int:Signed32 m = -64;
    int:Signed32 n = +m;
}
```

### Bug Fixes

To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for Swan Lake Beta6](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/milestone/119).

## Standard Library Updates

### New Features

#### `graphql` Package
Added support for the GraphQL list type inputs.

#### `http` Package
Introduced request and request error interceptors at the service level.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### `xmldata` Package
Added support to convert an XML to a Record

```

- Added the `--export-openapi` option for the `build` command, which will generate OpenAPI contract files for all the services in the current package. For example,

  > `bal build --export-openapi`

#### CLI

- Introduced the `--target-dir` flag to the `run`, `test`, `doc`, and `clean` commands. With this, you can pass a custom directory to the aforementioned commands.
- Added support for creating packages using template packages in Ballerina Central. For example, `bal new -t wso2/choreo_sample`.

### Bug Fixes

To view bug fixes, see the GitHub milestone for Swan Lake Beta3 of the repositories below.

- [Language Server](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+Swan+Lake+-+Beta6%22+label%3AType%2FBug+label%3ATeam%2FLanguageServer)
- [OpenAPI](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-openapi/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+Swan+Lake+-+Beta6%22+label%3AType%2FBug)
- [Debugger](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3AType%2FBug+label%3AArea%2FDebugger+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+Swan+Lake+-+Beta6%22+is%3Aclosed)

> ## Ballerina Packages

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
## Ballerina Packages Updates
```

Author: Fixed.

> ### Ballerina Packages

Reviewer 5: It seems the level of this heading is incorrect.

Author: Fixed.

### New Features

Added support to add an `icon` field under the `[package]` table. For example,
```toml
[package]
org = "ballerinax"
name = "googleapis.gmail"
version = "0.1.0”
icon = “images/icon.png”
```

>**Info:** The specified icon file will be packaged into the `docs/` directory of the Ballerina archive (`.bala`). Only the `.png` format is supported for the icon.

### Breaking Changes

> #### Test Framework 

Reviewer 5: Why `Test Framework` is listed under `Ballerina Packages`? Shouldn't we have it under `Developer Tools Updates` @azinneera

Author: Fixed.
